Create lwm2m-agent-1020-440-57-improved-lwm-2-m-connector-operations-handling.md (#4039)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/device-management/lwm2m-agent-1020-440-57-improved-lwm-2-m-connector-operations-handling.md

---

> date: ""

Reviewer: ```suggestion
date: 2026-01-09
```

title: Improved LWM2M connector operations handling
product_area: Device management & connectivity
change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
component:
  - value: component-1KLUzmqfe
    label: LWM2M
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-ggH2M4hf3
    label: lwm2m-agent
ticket: DM-5103
version: 1020.440.57
---

> For the LWM2M connector device, any operation created without a command is immediately marked as failed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the LWM2M connector device, any operation created without a command is now immediately marked as failed.
```

> For the LWM2M connector device, if an operation created does not contain a command then it will be set to failed directly.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For the LWM2M connector device, any operation created without a command is immediately marked as failed.
```
